[Task Manager] Fixed the behavior of the claiming tasks function failing, when inline scripts are disabled. (#94870)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/production-considerations/task-manager-troubleshooting.asciidoc

Have a question? Contact us in the https://discuss.elastic.co/[discuss forum].

[float]
[[task-manager-cannot-operate-when-inline-scripts-are-disabled]]

> ==== Task manager cannot operate when inline scripts are disabled in Elasticsearch

Reviewer: **nit:** smaller title.

```suggestion
==== Inline scripts are disabled in Elasticsearch
```

*Problem*:

> Tasks are not scheduled and Server log contains the error messages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tasks are not running, and the server logs contain the following error message:
```

[source, txt]
--------------------------------------------------
[warning][plugins][taskManager] Task Manager cannot operate when inline scripts are disabled in Elasticsearch
--------------------------------------------------

*Solution*:

> The scripts are a hard requirement for Task Manager to function.
> To enable scripts, specify:
> 
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> script.allowed_types: both <1>
> ----
> <1> To see the configuration details for Elasticsearch scripts check https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/modules-scripting-security.html#allowed-script-types-setting[Elasticsearch documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inline scripts are a hard requirement for Task Manager to function.
To enable inline scripting, see the Elasticsearch documentation for {ref}/modules-scripting-security.html#allowed-script-types-setting[configuring allowed script types setting].
```

Given these inferred attributes, it would be safe to assume that a single {kib} instance with default settings **would not** provide the required throughput. It is possible that scaling horizontally by adding a couple more {kib} instances will.

For details on scaling Task Manager, see <<task-manager-scaling-guidance>>.

[float]
[[task-manager-cannot-operate-when-inline-scripts-are-disabled]]
==== Inline scripts are disabled in {es}

> *Problem*:

Reviewer 2: Now it feels to me like this section is too low in the doc.  To me, it feels like it should go right about the Diagnosis section.
